Add changelog for v1.3.0 (#698)
heremaps/here-olp-sdk-cpp: CHANGELOG.md

  For more information, see the `olp::client::OlpClientSettingsFactory::CreateDefaultNetworkRequestHandler()` function.
* Fixed MSVC, Clang, and GCC warnings. Now, when you build with `-Wall -Wextra`, you should not face any hidden warnings. They are now protected by a pre-submit verification job.
* Fixed the possible thread concurrency problem in the `olp::client::OlpClient` class that resulted in a crash in some situations.
* Reduced data copy in the JSON serializers to increase performance.

**olp-cpp-sdk-authentication**

* Added a new API to `olp::authentication::AuthenticationClient` that you can use to perform a generic federated authentication with a custom request body.
* Added the `olp::authentication::AuthenticationClient::IntrospectApp()` method that you can use to retrieve information
  about the application associated with a particular access token.
* Added a new `olp::authentication::AuthenticationClient` constructor using `olp::authentication::AuthenticationSettings` to setup network and task scheduler. It is a part of an ongoing authentication refactoring. Switch to this constructor instead of using the individual setters.

> 

Reviewer: This line is extra. Can we delete it?

* Added additional fields to the `olp::dataservice::read::PartitionsRequest` class. Now, you can access the following additional metadata
  fields: data size, compressed data size, checksum, and CRC.
* Deprecated the `WithVersion` and the `GetVersion` methods in the `olp::dataservice::read::DataRequest`, `olp::dataservice::read::PartitionsRequest` and `olp::dataservice::read::PrefetchTilesRequest` classes. `olp::dataservice::read::VersionedLayerClient` now locks the catalog version either to the value provided on the constructor or by requesting the latest catalog version from the backend. This ensures that consistent data is provided for the instance lifecycle.
* Fixed cache keys by appending 'partition' and 'partitions' to key values in `olp::dataservice::read::VolatileLayerClient`.
* Fixed the infinite loop in the `olp::dataservice::read::VersionedLayerClient::PrefetchTiles()` method when min/max levels are not specified.

> 

Reviewer: This line is extra. Can we delete it?

## v1.3.0 (04/03/2020)

**Common**

* Response headers are now stored in `olp::client::HttpResponse`. `olp::client::OlpClient::CallApi()` will collect and add the headers to the response.
* X-Correlation-Id will be extracted from the HTTP response headers and used for subsequent requests in `olp::dataservice::read::StreamLayerClient`.
* Added new backdown strategy to `olp::client::RetrySettings`.
  The default implementation is `olp::client::ExponentialBackdownStrategy` which restricts the maximum wait
  time during failed retries of network requests in `olp::network::client::OlpClient` class (both sync and async versions) in
  a way that the accumulated wait time during retries shouldn't be longer than `RetrySettings.timeout` property.
* Added `curl_global_init()` and `curl_global_cleanup()` to `olp::http::NetworkCurl` class (Linux default implementation).
  Please refer to `olp::client::OlpClientSettingsFactory::CreateDefaultNetworkRequestHandler()` function for more information.

> * Fixed various warnings (MSVC, Clang, GCC). Users building with `-Wall -Wextra` should not face any hidden warnings now. This is now protected by a pre-release verification job.

Reviewer 2: "They are now protected..." doesn't seem right? We protect against the warnings, we do not protect the warnings. I think "This is now protected..." is better. Or maybe you have a better intro. What I am trying to say is that we protect the codebase from hidden warnings via pre-submit verification job.

> * Fixed various warnings (MSVC, Clang, GCC). Users building with `-Wall -Wextra` should not face any hidden warnings now. This is now protected by a pre-release verification job.

Reviewer: Then, I got it wrong. Usually, identifiers or pronouns point at the last mentioned noun, so "this" may be a bit confusing.
Maybe, we can say it in the following way?
```
Now, when you build with `-Wall -Wextra`, you should not face any hidden warnings, as the codebase is protected by a pre-release verification job.
```

* Fixed a possible thread concurrency problem in `olp::client::OlpClient` class which in some situations resulted in a crash.
* Reduced data copy in JSON serializers, which will increase performance.

**olp-cpp-sdk-authentication**

> * A new API was added for generic federated authentication with a user-provided body.

Reviewer 2: I'll change to "Added a new API to `olp::authentication::AuthenticationClient` which allows user to perform a generic federated authentication with a user-provided body.

* Added a new API `olp::authentication::AuthenticationClient::IntrospectApp()` method which can be used to retrieve information

>   about the application associated with a particular access token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `olp::authentication::AuthenticationClient::IntrospectApp()` method that you can use to retrieve information
  about the application associated with a particular access token.
```

> * A new `olp::authentication::AuthenticationClient` constructor was added using `olp::authentication::AuthenticationSettings` to setup network and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a new `olp::authentication::AuthenticationClient` constructor using `olp::authentication::AuthenticationSettings` to setup network and
```

  task scheduler. This is part of an ongoing authentication refactoring and users should switch to this constructor instead of using the

>   individual setters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  task scheduler. It is a part of an ongoing authentication refactoring. Switch to this constructor instead of using the individual setters.
```

**olp-cpp-sdk-dataservice-read**

> * `olp::dataservice::read::PartitionsRequest` now supports a list of partition IDs. This way users of the `olp::dataservice::read::VersionedLayerClient` and `olp::dataservice::read::VolatileLayerClient` can now request only certain partitions also.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `olp::dataservice::read::PartitionsRequest` now supports a list of partition IDs. This way, when you use `olp::dataservice::read::VersionedLayerClient` and `olp::dataservice::read::VolatileLayerClient`, you can also request certain partitions.
```

> * `Seek` method added to `olp::dataservice::read::StreamLayerClient`. This method can be used to start reading messages from a stream layer at any given position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `Seek` method to `olp::dataservice::read::StreamLayerClient`. This method can be used to start reading messages from a stream layer at any given position.
```

> * `Poll` method added to `olp::dataservice::read::StreamLayerClient`. This method reads messages from a stream layer and commits successfully consumed messages before handing them over to user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `Poll` method to `olp::dataservice::read::StreamLayerClient`. This method reads messages from a stream layer and commits successfully consumed messages before handing them over to you.
```

> * `olp::dataservice::read::TileRequest` class and corresponding `GetData` overload added to `olp::dataservice::read::VersionedLayerClient`. This will make possible to get data using tile key. Internally the metadata retrieval is optimized by using a quad tree request and save bandwidth on subsequent `GetData` calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `olp::dataservice::read::TileRequest` class and corresponding `GetData` overload to `olp::dataservice::read::VersionedLayerClient`. Now, you can get data using a tile key. Internally, the metadata retrieval is optimized by using a quadtree request and saves bandwidth on subsequent `GetData` calls.
```

* Added additional fields to `olp::dataservice::read::PartitionsRequest` class. This gives user access to additional metadata

>   fields: data size, compressed data size, checksum, crc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added additional fields to the `olp::dataservice::read::PartitionsRequest` class. Now, you can access the following additional metadata
  fields: data size, compressed data size, checksum, and CRC.
```

> * Deprecated WithVersion methods in `olp::dataservice::read::DataRequest`, `olp::dataservice::read::PartitionsRequest` and `olp::dataservice::read::PrefetchTilesRequest` classes. `olp::dataservice::read::VersionedLayerClient` now locks the catalog version either to the value provided on the constructor or by requesting once the latest catalog version from the backend. This ensures consistent data is served to the users for the lifecycle of the instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deprecated the `WithVersion` methods in the `olp::dataservice::read::DataRequest`, `olp::dataservice::read::PartitionsRequest` and `olp::dataservice::read::PrefetchTilesRequest` classes. `olp::dataservice::read::VersionedLayerClient` now locks the catalog version either to the value provided on the constructor or by requesting the latest catalog version from the backend. This ensures that consistent data is provided for the instance lifecycle.
```

> * Fixed cache keys by appending 'partition' and 'partitions' for key values in `olp::dataservice::read::VolatileLayerClient`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed cache keys by appending 'partition' and 'partitions' to key values in `olp::dataservice::read::VolatileLayerClient`.
```

> * Fixed infinite loop in `olp::dataservice::read::VersionedLayerClient::PrefetchTiles()` method when users do not specify min/max levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the infinite loop in the `olp::dataservice::read::VersionedLayerClient::PrefetchTiles()` method when min/max levels are not specified.
```

  Please refer to `olp::client::OlpClientSettingsFactory::CreateDefaultNetworkRequestHandler()` function 
  for more infromation.
* Fixed various warnings (MSVC, Clang, GCC).
* Fixed of thread concurrency problem in `olp::client::OlpClient` class which in some situations resulted in crash.
* Reduced data copy in SerializerWrapper.h which will increase performance.

**olp-cpp-sdk-authentication**

* Added a new API to authenticate OLP with a custom request body.
* Added a new API `olp::authentication::AuthenticationClient::IntrospectApp()` method which can be used to retrieve information
  about the application associated with access token.
* Added new `olp::authentication::AuthenticationClient` class constructor.
  This is a part of authentication refactoring. 
  Added new `olp::authentication::AuthenticationClient` constructor using `olp::authentication::AuthenticationSewttings` to setup network and 
  task scheduler. Our goal is to remove setters, users should switch to this constructor, 
  we aim for decoupling this from the `olp::authentication::TokenEndpoint` in the near future.

**olp-cpp-sdk-dataservice-read**

> * Added methods to `olp::dataservice::read::VersionedLayerClient` class that supports getting multiple partitions at once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added methods to the `olp::dataservice::read::VersionedLayerClient` class that you can use to get multiple partitions at once.
```

> * Added Seek methods for `olp::dataservice::read::StreamLayerClient`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `Seek` methods to `olp::dataservice::read::StreamLayerClient`.
```

> * Added Poll method to `olp::dataservice::read::StreamLayerClient`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `Poll` method to `olp::dataservice::read::StreamLayerClient`.
```

> * Added TileRequest class and corresponding methods to `olp::dataservice::read::VersionedLayerClient` interface. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `TileRequest` class and corresponding methods to the `olp::dataservice::read::VersionedLayerClient` interface. 
```

>   This will make possible to get data using tile key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can now get data using a tile key.
```

* Added additional fields to `olp::dataservice::read::PartitionsRequest` class. This gives user access to additional metadata
  fields: 
  - data size
  - compressed data size
  - checksum

>   - crc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the following fields to the `olp::dataservice::read::PartitionsRequest` class: 
  - Data size
  - Compressed data size
  - Checksum
  - CRC
  You can use them to access additional metadata.
```

> * Deprecated WithVersion methods in request classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deprecated the `WithVersion` methods in the request classes.
```

  `olp::dataservice::read::VersionedLayerClient` needs to serve consistent data for all requests which are triggered on a 
  particular instance. If user do not know the catalog version up front and always use boost::none 
  for version, the risk of returning different catalog versions data is high. 
  Therefore we lock the catalog version in the constructor of the `olp::dataservice::read::VersionLayerClient` 
  instance and all requests are therefore served with that particular catalog version. 
  Hence we do not need the WithVersion() methods in the requests structures anymore and they 

>   will be ignore during requests and the constructor passed catalog version will be taken instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 `olp::dataservice::read::VersionedLayerClient` needs to provide consistent data for all requests that are triggered in 
 every particular instance. If you do not know the catalog version and use `boost::none` instead of the version number, you can get data from 
 a different catalog version. 
 Therefore, we locked the catalog version in the constructor of the `olp::dataservice::read:: VersionLayerClient` instance. 
 Now, all requests get that particular catalog version. 
 Hence, we do not need the `WithVersion(`) methods in the request structures anymore. The versions are now ignored 
 in requests, and the version passed in the constructor is used instead.
```

> * Fixed Cache keys by appending 'partition' and 'partitions' for key values in `olp::dataservice::read::VolatileLayerClient`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed cache keys by appending 'partition' and 'partitions' to key values in `olp::dataservice::read::VolatileLayerClient`.
```

> * Fixed infinite loop in `olp::dataservice::read::VersionedLayerClient::PrefetchTiles()` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the infinite loop in the `olp::dataservice::read::VersionedLayerClient::PrefetchTiles()` method.
```
